# FPGA Hardware

Here lies the Quartus II project for the HPS-FPGA programming files. The output files generated by Quartus and QSYS can be found in the output folder.
* `soc_system.rbf` is a FPGA programming file used by U-Boot to program the FPGA during the bootloading phase of the boot sequence.
* `soc_system.sopcinfo` is generated by QSYS. This is used to generate `hps_0.h` header using Altera's `sopc-create-header-files` utility.
* `software/spl_bsp/preloader-mkpimage.bin` is the binary file for the Preloader that is placed on the MicroSD Card. This file is generated using Altera's `bsp-editor` utility.

## Generating Header File For HPS
The `hps_0.h` header file contains the constants required to access FPGA Components' Registers from Linux Userspace Application. Use the following command to create or update the header file.

```bash
sopc-create-header-files output/soc_system.sopcinfo --single hps_0.h --module hps_0
```

## Credits
* This project uses Terasic's "my_first_hps-fpga_base" template project as a base. This template can be found under "Demonstrations" on the "DE0-Nano-SoC CD-ROM" provided at Terasic's [Resources](http://www.terasic.com.tw/cgi-bin/page/archive.pl?Language=English&CategoryNo=163&No=941&PartNo=4) page.

* The Analog to Digital Converter (ADC) controller interfacing component for QSYS used is from Terasic's template project "DE0_NANO_SOC_ADC" which can be found under "Demonstrations" on the "DE0-Nano-SoC CD-ROM" provided at Terasic's [Resources](http://www.terasic.com.tw/cgi-bin/page/archive.pl?Language=English&CategoryNo=163&No=941&PartNo=4) page.
